docs(components): Update Screen documentation to reflect maverick changes (#2118)
infinitered/ignite: docs/Components-Screen.md

```tsx
<Screen safeAreaEdges={["top", "bottom"]}>
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `backgroundColor`

The `backgroundColor` prop is an optional `string` that determines the background color of the outer wrapper component (either a `View` or `SafeAreaView`, depending on whether or not `safeAreaEdges` is empty). The default value is `colors.background`.

```tsx
<Screen backgroundColor="red">
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `statusBarStyle`

The `statusBarStyle` prop is a prop that determines the style of the status bar. It can be either `"light"` or `"dark"`. The default value is `"dark"`.

```tsx
<Screen statusBarStyle="light">
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `keyboardOffset`

The `keyboardOffset` prop is an optional `number` that determines the offset of the keyboard when it is shown. It is passed to the `keyboardVerticalOffset` of the `KeyboardAvoidingView`. The default value is `0`.

```tsx
<Screen keyboardOffset={10}>
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `SafeAreaViewProps`

> The `SafeAreaViewProps` prop is a `SafeAreaViewProps` object that is passed to the [`SafeAreaView`](https://github.com/th3rdwave/react-native-safe-area-context#safeareaview).

Reviewer: Probably repetitive, simplifying

```suggestion
The `SafeAreaViewProps` prop is an object that is passed as props to the [`SafeAreaView`](https://github.com/th3rdwave/react-native-safe-area-context#safeareaview).
```

```tsx
<Screen SafeAreaViewProps={{ padding: 10 }}>
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `StatusBarProps`

> The `StatusBarProps` prop is a `StatusBarProps` object that is passed to the `expo-status-bar` [`StatusBar`](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/status-bar/) component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `StatusBarProps` prop is an object that is passed as props to the `expo-status-bar` [`StatusBar`](https://docs.expo.io/versions/latest/sdk/status-bar/) component.
```

```tsx
<Screen StatusBarProps={{ animated: false }}>
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `KeyboardAvoidingViewProps`

> The `KeyboardAvoidingViewProps` prop is a `KeyboardAvoidingViewProps` object that is passed to the [`KeyboardAvoidingView`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/keyboardavoidingview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `KeyboardAvoidingViewProps` prop is an object that is passed as props to the [`KeyboardAvoidingView`](https://reactnative.dev/docs/keyboardavoidingview).
```

```tsx
<Screen preset="scroll" keyboardShouldPersistTaps="never">
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `ScrollViewProps`

> The `ScrollViewProps` prop is a `ScrollViewProps` object that is passed to the React Native [`ScrollView`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/scrollview.html) component. This only applies for the `scroll` preset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ScrollViewProps` prop is an object that is passed as props to the React Native [`ScrollView`](https://facebook.github.io/react-native/docs/scrollview.html) component. This only applies for the `scroll` preset.
```

```tsx
<Screen preset="scroll" ScrollViewProps={{ contentContainerStyle: { padding: 10 } }}>
  <Header headerTitle="screen" />
  // ... content here ...
</Screen>
```

### `scrollEnabledToggleThreshold`

> The `scrollEnabledToggleThreshold` prop is an optional `number` that determines the threshold at which the `scrollEnabled` prop of the `ScrollView` is toggled. This only applies for the `auto` preset. The default value is `{ percent: 0.92 }`. You can pass a point value in lieu of a percentage, e.g. `{ point: 100 }` will enable scrolling when the scroll view height is greater than 100 points larger than the scroll view content height.

Author: I think this should be "when the scroll view height is less than 100 points larger than the scroll view content height". Greather than/less than is hard, I swear.
